c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\bin\Debug\VisED.exe.config
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\bin\Debug\VisED.exe
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\bin\Debug\VisED.pdb
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\VisED.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\VisED_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\VisED_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\VisED.g.resources
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\VisED.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\VisED.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\VisED.exe
c:\users\mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\VisED.pdb
C:\Users\Mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\MarketDisplay.g.cs
C:\Users\Mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\MarketDisplay.baml
C:\Users\Mr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Mr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\style.baml
C:\Users\Mr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\style.g.cs
C:\Users\Mr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\VisED_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Mr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VisED\VisED\bin\Debug\Resources\EUROCAPS.TTF
C:\Users\Mr\Source\Repos\VisED\VisED\VisED\bin\Debug\VisED.exe.config
C:\Users\Mr\Source\Repos\VisED\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\VisED.exe
C:\Users\Mr\Source\Repos\VisED\VisED\VisED\obj\Debug\VisED.pdb
